DOC-575 | ArangoGraph Perpetual Free Tier (#397)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/3.10/arangograph/organizations/_index.md

With the ArangoGraph Insights Platform, your organization can choose one of the
following packages.

> ### Perpetual Free Trial

Reviewer: Should this be "Perpetual Free Tier" or is it "Trial" on purpose to indicate that this isn't suitable for production?

ArangoGraph comes with a perpetual free tier that lets you access the platform
without incurring any costs indefinitely. You can get started quickly, without

> needing to enter a credit card.

Reviewer: enter credit card details?

The perpetual free tier is ideal for anyone who wants to explore ArangoGraph

> and run smaller-scale development projects, experimentation, and prototyping.

Reviewer: I don't like this sentence, e,g, "run smaller-scale prototyping" doesn't make much sense. Maybe restructure it a little and put "to experiment and prototype" first?

> The perpetual free trial gives you access to:

Reviewer: tier?

> - One small deployment (4GB) limited to a few selected regions (AWS Ohio and AWS Ireland)

Reviewer: Is this Single Server, or can it also be OneShard / Sharded?

```suggestion
- One small deployment (4 GB) limited to a few selected regions (AWS Ohio and AWS Ireland)
```

Maybe specify that 4 GB is the memory size? Because there is also "40 GB", which is the storage capacity associated with a 4 GB RAM deployment.

In case this can be a cluster, the 4 GB memory is per node!
